I might money for and this is a
Transformers video with you or the
Transformers community please subscribe
to my 1274 hey what's going on
Mouseketeers my mouse 34 with the
Transformers video review from the new
transformers Robots in Disguise this is
the one-step underbite so on the back
here it shows you how to transform
underbite here's underbite in his
vehicle mode his robot mode then over
here you can download the app you can
scan and then you can unlock and play so
that book does it for the box with no
further ado let's get to what step under
bite out of here and see what he's all
about
ok so here we have under bite in his and
I had to do a little bit of google
research for his vehicle mode his robot
mode for his vehicle mode
this is his what they call the
Cybertronian 4 wheel take like car thing
I know that kinda sounds funny but
that's the name that gave him for
details he has a lot of purple paint
apps he has some silver paint details
here and there some black paint apps
right there he also has a Decepticon
logo on the top right there so for a
size comparison in vehicle mode here we
have the one step under bite from
transformers Robots in Disguise
and here we have the rest of the one
step changers one step bumblebee one
step sideswipe and one step strongarm so
the transform underbite inches robot
mode you just press in on the wheels
right here until you hear a click and
this is what they called his robotic
lizard dog thing so for details he has a
little bit of red details on both sides
right there
his mouth is silver paint details both
of his eyes are red paint details on the
other side
up close headshot now for a size
comparison in a robot mode
here we have the one-step underbite and
once again here we have the one-step
Bumblebee one-step sideswipe and
one-step strongarm so the transform
underbite back into his vehicle mode you
just squeeze the wheels together and
again this is what they called his
Cybertronian four-wheel tank like a car
thing so that about wraps it up for
another video review this is my mouse 94
and you've just seen from the new
transformers Robots in Disguise
this is the one-step underbite you don't
forget to comment rate subscribe let's
put the mouse support your transformers
community
stay tuned for lots more reviews to come
join me and all my friends my facebook
group called the mousetrap you can also
follow me on Twitter I also have a mite
mouse Tony force community all those
links will be in the description down
below I wanna thank everybody for
watching there's those guys take care
everyone